RecomCorp- Felix Oliveira_Machado

My code, app, gets four different CSV files, that have information pertaining to switches, routers, firewalls, and cables, and allows the user to determine their budget for each piece of hardware. Once the user has answered the given questions they are then recommended either one or two switches, routers, and cables. The idea is to try to automate a portion of what a standard CCNA professional does. So far, I have the foundation. I worked on the cables CSV manually for a short period of time, then realized that if I didn't have the columns formatted in a way that the code could easily access the necessary information it would not work. So I ran the CSV file through ChatGPT. I asked it to edit my CSV file so that it would have a standard format that could be easily imported by Java. I was able to have it help me with the other three CSV files. The getters for each list that is created from each CSV file are in the DeviceManager Class. A method called getUserBudgetSelection is used to get the user's budget selection. filterByCostLevel is used to filter the devices by cost by referencing the Cost_Level key, which is in correlation to the column in my CSV file. When it runs it does not tell them what they are selecting the budget for. So I am gonna fix that. I also want to see if I can give the user cable options based on the distance they need the cabling to go because a lot of cabling can operate at higher speeds at shorter distances vs longer distances.